Add Reference Characteristic definition and shape. (#302)
eclipse-esmf/esmf-semantic-aspect-meta-model: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/modeling-guidelines.adoc

check if it can be deconstructed using the deconstruction rule and reconstructed using the elements,
i.e., that the deconstruction rule actually does what the model author intended.

[[declaring-reference]]
==== Declaring Reference

> xref:characteristics.adoc#reference-characteristic[Reference] are intended to be used
> for scenarios where you need to create a unique property that can link to external
> or internal elements in a flexible and versatile manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The xref:characteristics.adoc#reference-characteristic[Reference] Characteristic is intended to be used for scenarios where a reference to a concept external to the Aspect Model is required, but the value of the reference (i.e., the identifier of the linked concept) is not known at modeling time yet. Other than that, it is conceptually similar to a xref:modeling-guidelines.adoc#adding-external-references[samm:see reference].
```
